           Name  Current  Latest   Old Info
    actioncable  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Structure many real-time application concerns into 
   actionmailer  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Email on Rails. Compose, deliver, and test emails u
     actionpack  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Web apps on Rails. Simple, battle-tested convention
     actionview  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Simple, battle-tested conventions and helpers for b
active_material  1.4.2    1.4.2        ActiveAdmin skin based on Google's Material Design.
  active_median  0.2.3    0.2.4    Y   Median and percentile for Active Record, Mongoid, a
active_model_serializers  0.10.9   0.10.10  Y   ActiveModel::Serializers allows you to generate you
    activeadmin  2.0.0    2.8.0    Y   The administration framework for Ruby on Rails.
activeadmin_addons  1.7.1    1.7.1        Set of addons to help with the activeadmin ui
      activejob  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Declare job classes that can be run by a variety of
    activemodel  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   A toolkit for building modeling frameworks like Act
activemodel-serializers-xml  1.0.2    1.0.2        XML serialization for your Active Model objects and
   activerecord  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Databases on Rails. Build a persistent domain model
activerecord-postgis-adapter  5.2.2    6.0.1    Y   ActiveRecord connection adapter for PostGIS. It is 
  activestorage  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Attach cloud and local files in Rails applications.
  activesupport  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   A toolkit of support libraries and Ruby core extens
    addressable  2.6.0    2.7.0    Y   Addressable is an alternative implementation to the
      airbrussh  1.3.1    1.4.0    Y   A replacement log formatter for SSHKit that makes C
        apitome  0.2.1    0.3.0    Y   API documentation renderer for Rails using RSpec AP
          arbre  1.2.1    1.3.0    Y   Arbre makes it easy to generate HTML directly in Ru
           arel  9.0.0    9.0.0        Arel Really Exasperates Logicians

Arel is a SQL AS
            ast  2.4.0    2.4.1    Y   A library for working with Abstract Syntax Trees.
autoprefixer-rails  9.5.1    9.8.6.3  Y   Parse CSS and add vendor prefixes to CSS rules usin
  awesome_print  1.8.0    1.8.0        Great Ruby dubugging companion: pretty print Ruby o
aws-eventstream  1.0.2    1.1.0    Y   Amazon Web Services event stream library. Decodes a
 aws-partitions  1.149.0  1.365.0  Y   Provides interfaces to enumerate AWS partitions, re
   aws-sdk-core  3.48.3   3.105.0  Y   Provides API clients for AWS. This gem is part of t
    aws-sdk-kms  1.16.0   1.37.0   Y   Official AWS Ruby gem for AWS Key Management Servic
     aws-sdk-s3  1.36.0   1.79.1   Y   Official AWS Ruby gem for Amazon Simple Storage Ser
      aws-sigv4  1.1.0    1.2.2    Y   Amazon Web Services Signature Version 4 signing lib
   babel-source  5.8.35   5.8.35       Babel JS source
babel-transpiler  0.7.0    0.7.0            Ruby Babel is a bridge to the JS Babel transpil
      backports  3.13.0   3.18.2   Y   Essential backports that enable many of the nice fe
         bcrypt  3.1.12   3.1.16   Y       bcrypt() is a sophisticated and secure hash alg
  better_errors  2.5.1    2.7.1    Y   Provides a better error page for Rails and other Ra
             bh  1.3.6    1.3.6        Bh - Bootstrap Helpers
         bindex  0.7.0    0.8.1    Y   Bindings for your Ruby exceptions
binding_of_caller  0.8.0    0.8.0        Retrieve the binding of a method's caller. Can also
 bootstrap-sass  3.4.1    3.4.1        bootstrap-sass is a Sass-powered version of Bootstr
         buftok  0.2.0    0.2.0        BufferedTokenizer extracts token delimited entities
        builder  3.2.4    3.2.4        Builder provides a number of builder objects that m
         byebug  11.0.1   11.1.3   Y   Byebug is a Ruby debugger. It's implemented using t
camertron-eprun  1.1.1    1.1.1        Efficient pure Ruby Unicode normalization.
      cancancan  3.0.0    3.1.0    Y   Simple authorization solution for Rails. All permis
    candy_check  0.2.1    0.2.1        Check and verify in-app receipts
     capistrano  3.11.0   3.14.1   Y   Capistrano is a utility and framework for executing
 capistrano-rvm  0.1.2    0.1.2        RVM integration for Capistrano
       capybara  3.16.2   3.33.0   Y   Capybara is an integration testing tool for rack ba
 case_transform  0.2      0.2          Extraction of the key_transform abilities of Active
       ckeditor  4.2.4    5.1.0    Y   CKEditor is a WYSIWYG editor to be used inside web 
cldr-plurals-runtime-rb  1.0.1    1.0.1        Ruby runtime methods for CLDR plural rules (see cam
climate_control  0.2.0    0.2.0        Modify your ENV
        cocaine  0.6.0    0.6.0        A small library for doing (command) lines
        coderay  1.1.2    1.1.3    Y   Fast and easy syntax highlighting for selected lang
   coffee-rails  5.0.0    5.0.0        CoffeeScript adapter for the Rails asset pipeline.
  coffee-script  2.4.1    2.4.1            Ruby CoffeeScript is a bridge to the JS CoffeeS
coffee-script-source  1.12.2   1.12.2           CoffeeScript is a little language that compiles
      commander  4.4.7    4.5.2    Y   The complete solution for Ruby command-line executa
concurrent-ruby  1.1.6    1.1.7    Y   Modern concurrency tools including agents, futures,
connection_pool  2.2.3    2.2.3        Generic connection pool for Ruby
          crack  0.4.3    0.4.3        Really simple JSON and XML parsing, ripped from Mer
          crass  1.0.6    1.0.6        Crass is a pure Ruby CSS parser based on the CSS Sy
     css_parser  1.7.0    1.7.1    Y   A set of classes for parsing CSS in Ruby.
       cucumber  3.1.2    5.1.1    Y   Behaviour Driven Development with elegance and joy
  cucumber-core  3.2.1    8.0.1    Y   Core library for the Cucumber BDD app
cucumber-expressions  6.0.1    8.3.0    Y   Cucumber Expressions - a simpler alternative to Reg
 cucumber-rails  1.6.0    2.1.0    Y   Cucumber Generator and Runtime for Rails
cucumber-tag_expressions  1.1.1    2.0.2    Y   Cucumber tag expressions for ruby
  cucumber-wire  0.0.1    4.0.1    Y   Wire protocol for Cucumber
     currencies  0.4.2    0.4.2        If you are tracking any kind of assets the currenci
database_cleaner  1.7.0    1.8.5    Y   Strategies for cleaning databases. Can be used to e
     dateslices  0.0.4    0.0.4        A Rails 4 ActiveRecord plugin that adds group_by_da
debug_inspector  0.0.3    0.0.3        A Ruby wrapper for the MRI 2.0 debug_inspector API
    declarative  0.0.10   0.0.20   Y   DSL for nested generic schemas with inheritance and
declarative-option  0.1.0    0.1.0        Dynamic options.
         devise  4.6.2    4.7.2    Y   Flexible authentication solution for Rails with War
       diff-lcs  1.3      1.4.4    Y   Diff::LCS computes the difference between two Enume
    domain_name  0.5.20180417 0.5.20190701 Y   This is a Domain Name manipulation library for Ruby
         dotenv  2.7.2    2.7.6    Y   Loads environment variables from `.env`.
   dotenv-rails  2.7.2    2.7.6    Y   Autoload dotenv in Rails.
         draper  3.1.0    4.0.1    Y   Draper adds an object-oriented layer of presentatio
      equalizer  0.0.11   0.0.11       Module to define equality, equivalence and inspecti
          erubi  1.9.0    1.9.0        Erubi is a ERB template engine for ruby. It is a si
         erubis  2.7.0    2.7.0          Erubis is an implementation of eRuby and has the 
        et-orbi  1.1.8    1.2.4    Y   Time zones for fugit and rufus-scheduler. Urbi et O
         execjs  2.7.0    2.7.0        ExecJS lets you run JavaScript code from Ruby.
    factory_bot  5.0.2    6.1.0    Y   factory_bot provides a framework and DSL for defini
factory_bot_rails  5.0.1    6.1.0    Y   factory_bot_rails provides integration between fact
          faker  1.9.3    2.13.0   Y   Faker, a port of Data::Faker from Perl, is used to 
      fakeredis  0.7.0    0.8.0    Y   Fake (In-memory) driver for redis-rb. Useful for te
        faraday  0.15.4   1.0.1    Y   HTTP/REST API client library.
            fcm  0.0.6    1.0.2    Y   fcm provides ruby bindings to Firebase Cloud Messag
            ffi  1.11.1   1.13.1   Y   Ruby FFI library
    forecast_io  2.0.2    2.0.2        forecast.io API wrapper in Ruby
        foreman  0.85.0   0.87.2   Y   Process manager for applications with multiple comp
     formatador  0.2.5    0.2.5        STDOUT text formatting
     formtastic  3.1.5    3.1.5        A Rails form builder plugin/gem with semantically r
formtastic_i18n  0.6.0    0.6.0        I18n translation for the formtastic gem
          fugit  1.1.10   1.3.8    Y   Time tools for flor and the floraison project. Cron
       geocoder  1.4.9    1.6.3    Y   Object geocoding (by street or IP address), reverse
        gherkin  5.1.0    9.0.0    Y   Gherkin parser
         gibbon  3.2.0    3.3.4    Y   A wrapper for MailChimp API 3.0 and Export API
       globalid  0.4.2    0.4.2        URIs for your models makes it easy to pass referenc
google-api-client  0.34.1   0.44.0   Y   Client for accessing Google APIs
     googleauth  0.10.0   0.13.1   Y      Allows simple authorization for accessing Google
         grocer  0.7.1    0.7.1                                  Grocer interfaces with th
      groupdate  4.3.0    5.1.0    Y   The simplest way to group temporal data
          guard  2.15.0   2.16.2   Y   Guard is a command line tool to easily handle event
   guard-compat  1.2.1    1.2.1        Helps creating valid Guard plugins and testing them
 guard-cucumber  1.5.4    3.0.0    Y   Guard::Cucumber automatically run your features (mu
    guard-rspec  4.7.3    4.7.3        Guard::RSpec automatically run your specs (much lik
           haml  5.0.4    5.1.2    Y   Haml (HTML Abstraction Markup Language) is a layer 
     haml-rails  2.0.0    2.0.1    Y   Haml-rails provides Haml generators for Rails 4. It
      has_scope  0.7.2    0.7.2        Maps controller filters to your resource scopes
       hashdiff  0.3.8    1.0.1    Y    Hashdiff is a diff lib to compute the smallest dif
         hashie  3.6.0    4.1.0    Y   Hashie is a collection of classes and mixins that m
      haversine  0.3.2    0.3.2        Calculates the haversine distance between two locat
       highline  2.0.2    2.0.3    Y   A high-level IO library that provides validation, t
           hirb  0.7.3    0.7.3        Hirb provides a mini view framework for console app
    honeybadger  4.2.1    4.7.2    Y   Make managing application errors a more pleasant ex
        houston  2.4.0    2.4.0        Houston is a simple gem for sending Apple Push Noti
      html2haml  2.2.0    2.2.0        Converts HTML into Haml
   htmlentities  4.3.4    4.3.4        A module for encoding and decoding (X)HTML entities
           http  3.3.0    4.4.1    Y   An easy-to-use client library for making requests f
    http-cookie  1.0.3    1.0.3        HTTP::Cookie is a Ruby library to handle HTTP Cooki
 http-form_data  2.1.1    2.3.0    Y   Utility-belt to build form data request bodies. Pro
 http_parser.rb  0.6.0    0.6.0        Ruby bindings to http://github.com/ry/http-parser a
       httparty  0.16.4   0.18.1   Y   Makes http fun! Also, makes consuming restful web s
     httpclient  2.8.3    2.8.3        gives something like the functionality of libwww-pe
           i18n  1.8.3    1.8.5    Y   New wave Internationalization support for Ruby.
inherited_resources  1.10.0   1.11.0   Y   Inherited Resources speeds up development by making
iso_country_codes  0.7.8    0.7.8        ISO country code and currency library
   jaro_winkler  1.5.2    1.5.4    Y   jaro_winkler is an implementation of Jaro-Winkler \
       jbuilder  2.8.0    2.10.0   Y   Create JSON structures via a Builder-style DSL
       jmespath  1.4.0    1.4.0        Implements JMESPath for Ruby
   jquery-rails  4.3.3    4.4.0    Y   This gem provides jQuery and the jQuery-ujs driver 
           json  2.2.0    2.3.1    Y   This is a JSON implementation as a Ruby extension i
jsonapi-renderer  0.2.0    0.2.2    Y   Efficiently render JSON API documents.
            jwt  2.1.0    2.2.2    Y   A pure ruby implementation of the RFC 7519 OAuth JS
       kaminari  1.1.1    1.2.1    Y   Kaminari is a Scope & Engine based, clean, powerful
kaminari-actionview  1.1.1    1.2.1    Y   kaminari-actionview provides pagination helpers for
kaminari-activerecord  1.1.1    1.2.1    Y   kaminari-activerecord lets your Active Record model
  kaminari-core  1.1.1    1.2.1    Y   kaminari-core includes pagination logic independent
          koala  3.0.0    3.0.0        Koala is a lightweight, flexible Ruby SDK for Faceb
       kramdown  2.1.0    2.3.0    Y   kramdown is yet-another-markdown-parser but fast, p
language_filter  0.3.01   0.3.01       LanguageFilter is a Ruby gem to detect and optional
        launchy  2.4.3    2.5.0    Y   Launchy is helper class for launching cross-platfor
         listen  3.1.5    3.2.1    Y   The Listen gem listens to file modifications and no
     local_time  2.1.0    2.1.0        Rails engine for cache-friendly, client-side local 
        lograge  0.10.0   0.11.2   Y   Tame Rails' multi-line logging into a single line p
         loofah  2.5.0    2.7.0    Y   Loofah is a general library for manipulating and tr
     lumberjack  1.0.13   1.2.8    Y   A simple, powerful, and very fast logging utility t
           mail  2.7.1    2.7.1        A really Ruby Mail handler.
         marcel  0.3.3    0.3.3        Simple mime type detection using magic numbers, fil
        memoist  0.16.2   0.16.2       memoize methods invocation
     memoizable  0.4.2    0.4.2        Memoize method return values
      meta-tags  2.11.1   2.13.0   Y   Search Engine Optimization (SEO) plugin for Ruby on
  method_source  0.9.2    1.0.0    Y   retrieve the sourcecode for a method
     mime-types  3.2.2    3.3.1    Y   The mime-types library provides a library and regis
mime-types-data  3.2019.0331 3.2020.0512 Y   mime-types-data provides a registry for information
      mimemagic  0.3.5    0.3.5        Fast mime detection by extension or content in pure
    mini_magick  4.9.5    4.10.1   Y   Manipulate images with minimal use of memory via Im
      mini_mime  1.0.2    1.0.2        A lightweight mime type lookup toy
  mini_portile2  2.4.0    2.5.0    Y   Simplistic port-like solution for developers. It pr
       minitest  5.14.1   5.14.2   Y   minitest provides a complete suite of testing facil
modernizr-rails  2.7.1    2.7.1        This Modernizr.js was built using the at http://www
     multi_json  1.13.1   1.15.0   Y   A common interface to multiple JSON libraries, incl
     multi_test  0.1.2    0.1.2        Wafter-thin gem to help control rogue test/unit/aut
      multi_xml  0.6.0    0.6.0        Provides swappable XML backends utilizing LibXML, N
 multipart-post  2.0.0    2.1.1    Y   Use with Net::HTTP to do multipart form postspec. I
       mustache  1.1.0    1.1.1    Y   Inspired by ctemplate, Mustache is a framework-agno
     mustermann  1.0.3    1.1.1    Y   A library implementing patterns that behave like re
         naught  1.1.0    1.1.0        Naught is a toolkit for building Null Objects
           nenv  0.3.0    0.3.0        Using ENV is like using raw SQL statements in your 
        net-scp  2.0.0    3.0.0    Y   A pure Ruby implementation of the SCP client protoc
        net-ssh  5.2.0    6.1.0    Y   Net::SSH: a pure-Ruby implementation of the SSH2 cl
   newrelic_rpm  6.2.0.354 6.12.0.367 Y   New Relic is a performance management system, devel
          nio4r  2.5.2    2.5.2        Cross-platform asynchronous I/O primitives for scal
       nokogiri  1.10.9   1.10.10  Y   Nokogiri (鋸) is an HTML, XML, SAX, and Reader parse
      notiffany  0.1.1    0.1.3    Y       Wrapper libray for most popular notification
  
          oauth  0.5.4    0.5.4        OAuth Core Ruby implementation
         oauth2  1.4.1    1.4.4    Y   A Ruby wrapper for the OAuth 2.0 protocol built wit
       omniauth  1.9.0    1.9.1    Y   A generalized Rack framework for multiple-provider 
omniauth-facebook  5.0.0    7.0.0    Y   Facebook OAuth2 Strategy for OmniAuth
 omniauth-oauth  1.1.0    1.1.0        A generic OAuth (1.0/1.0a) strategy for OmniAuth.
omniauth-oauth2  1.6.0    1.7.0    Y   An abstract OAuth2 strategy for OmniAuth.
omniauth-twitter  1.4.0    1.4.0        OmniAuth strategy for Twitter
    orm_adapter  0.5.0    0.5.0        Provides a single point of entry for using basic fe
             os  1.0.1    1.1.1    Y   The OS gem allows for some useful and easy function
       parallel  1.17.0   1.19.2   Y   Run any kind of code in parallel processes
         parser  2.6.2.1  2.7.1.4  Y   A Ruby parser written in pure Ruby.
             pg  1.2.3    1.2.3        Pg is the Ruby interface to the {PostgreSQL RDBMS}[
      premailer  1.11.1   1.13.1   Y   Improve the rendering of HTML emails by making CSS 
premailer-rails  1.10.2   1.11.1   Y   This gem brings you the power of the premailer gem 
            pry  0.12.2   0.13.1   Y   Pry is a runtime developer console and IRB alternat
          psych  3.1.0    3.2.0    Y   Psych is a YAML parser and emitter. Psych leverages
  public_suffix  3.0.3    4.0.6    Y   PublicSuffix can parse and decompose a domain name 
           puma  3.12.1   4.3.5    Y   Puma is a simple, fast, threaded, and highly concur
         raabro  1.1.6    1.3.1    Y   A very dumb PEG parser library, with a horrible int
           rack  2.2.2    2.2.3    Y   Rack provides a minimal, modular and adaptable inte
      rack-cors  1.0.3    1.1.1    Y   Middleware that will make Rack-based apps CORS comp
rack-protection  2.0.5    2.1.0    Y   Protect against typical web attacks, works with all
      rack-test  1.1.0    1.1.0        Rack::Test is a small, simple testing API for Rack 
          rails  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Ruby on Rails is a full-stack web framework optimiz
rails-controller-testing  1.0.4    1.0.5    Y   Extracting `assigns` and `assert_template` from Act
rails-dom-testing  2.0.3    2.0.3         This gem can compare doms and assert certain eleme
rails-html-sanitizer  1.3.0    1.3.0        HTML sanitization for Rails applications
     rails-i18n  5.1.3    6.0.0    Y   A set of common locale data and translations to int
 rails_12factor  0.0.3    0.0.3        Run Rails the 12factor way
rails_serve_static_assets  0.0.5    0.0.5        Force Rails to serve static assets
rails_stdout_logging  0.0.5    0.0.5        Sets Rails to log to stdout
       railties  5.2.4.3  6.0.3.2  Y   Rails internals: application bootup, plugins, gener
        rainbow  3.0.0    3.0.0        Colorize printed text on ANSI terminals
           rake  13.0.1   13.0.1       Rake is a Make-like program implemented in Ruby. Ta
        ransack  2.1.1    2.3.2    Y   Ransack is the successor to the MetaSearch gem. It 
     rb-fsevent  0.10.3   0.10.4   Y   FSEvents API with Signals catching (without RubyCoc
     rb-inotify  0.10.0   0.10.1   Y   A Ruby wrapper for Linux inotify, using FFI
      rdiscount  2.2.0.1  2.2.0.2  Y   Fast Implementation of Gruber's Markdown in C
          redis  4.1.4    4.2.1    Y       A Ruby client that tries to match Redis' API on
redis-actionpack  5.0.2    5.2.0    Y   Redis session store for ActionPack. Used for storin
redis-activesupport  5.0.7    5.2.0    Y   Redis store for ActiveSupport
     redis-rack  2.0.5    2.1.3    Y   Redis Store for Rack applications
    redis-rails  5.0.2    5.0.2        Redis for Ruby on Rails
    redis-store  1.6.0    1.9.0    Y   Namespaced Rack::Session, Rack::Cache, I18n and cac
  regexp_parser  1.4.0    1.7.1    Y   A library for tokenizing, lexing, and parsing Ruby 
  representable  3.0.4    3.0.4        Renders and parses JSON/XML/YAML documents from and
  request_store  1.4.1    1.5.0    Y   RequestStore gives you per-request global storage.
    require_all  1.5.0    3.0.0    Y   A wonderfully simple way to load your code
     responders  2.4.1    3.0.1    Y   A set of Rails responders to dry up your applicatio
      retriable  3.1.2    3.1.2        Retriable is a simple DSL to retry failed code bloc
          rexml  3.2.4    3.2.4        An XML toolkit for Ruby
           rgeo  2.1.1    2.1.1        RGeo is a geospatial data library for Ruby. It prov
rgeo-activerecord  6.2.1    6.2.1        RGeo is a geospatial data library for Ruby. RGeo::A
          rspec  3.8.0    3.9.0    Y   BDD for Ruby
     rspec-core  3.8.0    3.9.2    Y   BDD for Ruby. RSpec runner and example groups.
rspec-expectations  3.8.2    3.9.2    Y   rspec-expectations provides a simple, readable API 
    rspec-mocks  3.8.0    3.9.1    Y   RSpec's 'test double' framework, with support for s
    rspec-rails  3.8.2    4.0.1    Y   rspec-rails is a testing framework for Rails 5+.
  rspec-support  3.8.0    3.9.3    Y   Support utilities for RSpec gems
rspec_api_documentation  6.1.0    6.1.0        Generate API docs from your test suite
        rubocop  0.67.2   0.90.0   Y       RuboCop is a Ruby code style checking and code 
  ruby-graphviz  1.2.5    1.2.5        Ruby/Graphviz provides an interface to layout and g
ruby-progressbar  1.10.0   1.10.1   Y   Ruby/ProgressBar is an extremely flexible text prog
       ruby_dep  1.5.0    1.5.0        Creates a version constraint of supported Rubies,su
    ruby_parser  3.13.1   3.15.0   Y   ruby_parser (RP) is a ruby parser written in pure r
        rubyzip  2.3.0    2.3.0        rubyzip is a ruby module for reading and writing zi
rufus-scheduler  3.5.2    3.6.0    Y   Job scheduler for Ruby (at, cron, in and every jobs
      safe_yaml  1.0.5    1.0.5        Parse YAML safely
           sass  3.7.4    3.7.4              Ruby Sass is deprecated! See https://sass-lan
    sass-listen  4.0.0    4.0.0        This fork of guard/listen provides a stable API for
     sass-rails  5.0.7    6.0.0    Y   Sass adapter for the Rails asset pipeline.
          sassc  2.0.1    2.4.0    Y   Use libsass with Ruby!
  select2-rails  4.0.3    4.0.13   Y   Select2 is a jQuery based replacement for select bo
 sexp_processor  4.12.0   4.15.1   Y   sexp_processor branches from ParseTree bringing all
       shellany  0.0.1    0.0.1        MRI+JRuby compatible command output capturing
      shortener  0.8.2    0.8.2        Shortener is a Rails Engine Gem that makes it easy 
        sidekiq  6.0.7    6.1.1    Y   Simple, efficient background processing for Ruby.
sidekiq-max-jobs  0.1.0    0.1.0        This gem provides the ability to configure the maxi
sidekiq-scheduler  3.0.0    3.0.1    Y   Light weight job scheduling extension for Sidekiq t
sidekiq-unique-jobs  6.0.12   6.0.22   Y   Prevents simultaneous Sidekiq jobs with the same un
         signet  0.12.0   0.14.0   Y   Signet is an OAuth 1.0 / OAuth 2.0 implementation.

    simple_form  4.1.0    5.0.2    Y   Forms made easy!
   simple_oauth  0.3.1    0.3.1        Simply builds and verifies OAuth headers
        sinatra  2.0.5    2.1.0    Y   Sinatra is a DSL for quickly creating web applicati
 slack-notifier  2.3.2    2.3.2         A slim ruby wrapper for posting to slack webhooks 
   slackistrano  3.8.3    4.0.1    Y   Send notifications to Slack about Capistrano deploy
         spring  2.0.2    2.1.1    Y   Preloads your application so things like console, r
spring-commands-cucumber  1.0.1    1.0.1        cucumber command for spring
spring-commands-rspec  1.0.4    1.0.4        rspec command for spring
spring-watcher-listen  2.0.1    2.0.1        Makes spring watch files using the listen gem.
      sprockets  3.7.2    4.0.2    Y   Sprockets is a Rack-based asset packaging system th
  sprockets-es6  0.9.2    0.9.2            A Sprockets transformer that converts ES6 code 
sprockets-rails  3.2.1    3.2.1        Sprockets Rails integration
         sshkit  1.18.2   1.21.0   Y   A comprehensive toolkit for remotely running comman
         temple  0.8.1    0.8.2    Y   Template compilation framework in Ruby
       terrapin  0.6.0    0.6.0        Run shell commands safely, even with user-supplied 
           thor  0.19.4   1.0.1    Y   Thor is a toolkit for building powerful command-lin
    thread_safe  0.3.6    0.3.6        A collection of data structures and utilities to ma
           tilt  2.0.9    2.0.10   Y   Generic interface to multiple Ruby template engines
time_difference  0.7.0    0.7.0        TimeDifference is the missing Ruby method to calcul
        timecop  0.9.1    0.9.1        A gem providing "time travel" and "time freezing" c
        twitter  6.2.0    7.0.0    Y   A Ruby interface to the Twitter API.
   twitter_cldr  6.0.1    6.1.0    Y   Ruby implementation of the ICU (International Compo
         tzinfo  1.2.7    2.0.2    Y   TZInfo provides access to time zone data and allows
    tzinfo-data  1.2019.1 1.2020.1 Y   TZInfo::Data contains data from the IANA Time Zone 
           uber  0.1.0    0.1.0        A gem-authoring framework.
       uglifier  4.1.20   4.2.0    Y   Uglifier minifies JavaScript files by wrapping Ugli
            unf  0.1.4    0.1.4        This is a wrapper library to bring Unicode Normaliz
        unf_ext  0.0.7.5  0.0.7.7  Y   Unicode Normalization Form support library for CRub
unicode-display_width  1.5.0    1.7.0    Y   [Unicode 13.0.0] Determines the monospace display w
            vcr  4.0.0    6.0.0    Y   Record your test suite's HTTP interactions and repl
  voight_kampff  1.1.4    1.1.4        Voight-Kampff detects bots, spiders, crawlers and r
         warden  1.2.8    1.2.9    Y   An authentication library compatible with all Rack-
    web-console  3.7.0    4.0.4    Y   A debugging tool for your Ruby on Rails application
        webmock  3.5.1    3.8.3    Y   WebMock allows stubbing HTTP requests and setting e
websocket-driver  0.7.2    0.7.3    Y   WebSocket protocol handler with pluggable I/O
websocket-extensions  0.1.5    0.1.5        Generic extension manager for WebSocket connections
xdan-datetimepicker-rails  2.5.4    2.5.4        XDan's jQuery DateTimePicker packaged for the Rails
          xpath  3.2.0    3.2.0        XPath is a Ruby DSL for generating XPath expression
zero_downtime_migrations  0.0.7    0.0.7        Zero downtime migrations with ActiveRecord and Post
