---
title: "Infocom"
date: 2019-04-17
origin: https://www.jwz.org/blog/2019/04/infocom/
alternate: https://www.jwz.org/blog/2019/04/infocom/
type: link
author: jwz
---

Jason Scott just posted all of the Infocom source, which is glorious! \<ROUTINE GLASS-CASE-F () &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; \<COND (\<VERB? EXAMINE\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;\<TELL "The " D ,GLASS-CASE " is "\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;\<COND (\<FSET? ,GLASS-CASE ,OPENBIT\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; \<TELL "open"\>) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(T &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; \<TELL "closed"\>)\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;\<TELL ". Attached to it are a " D ,KEYBOARD " and a switch." CR\>) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (\<AND \<VERB? OPEN\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; \<NOT \<FSET? ,GLASS-CASE ,OPENBIT\>\>\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;\<TELL ,BUDGE CR\>) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (\<VERB? MUNG\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;\<TELL "The hold of the Vogon ship is virtually undamaged by the explosion. of the " D ,GLASS-CASE\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;\<JIGS-UP ". You, however, are blasted into tiny bits and smeared all over the room. Several cleaning robots fly in and wipe you neatly off the walls."\> &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;\<RTRUE\>)\>\> Zarf summarizes: This material has been kicking around for a while now. If you search for articles about "the Infocom drive", you'll see some discussion from years past. Actually, don't do that, it's mostly old arguments that don't need to be rehashed. The point is that a great deal of historical information about Infocom has been preserved -- but it's not publicly archived. You can't go research it anywhere. Nobody admits to having it, because it's "proprietary IP", and you're not supposed to trade in that stuff because companies like Activision make the rules. So when Jason puts this information online, he's taking a stance. The stance is: history matters. Copyright is a balance between the rights of the owner to profit and the rights of the public to investigate, discuss, and increase the sphere of culture. Sometimes the balance needs a kick. Quite possibly all these repositories will be served with takedown requests tomorrow. I'm downloading local copies for myself tonight, just in case. If you're in a mirroring mood: curl "https://api.github.com/users/historicalsource/repos?page=1&per\_page=100" | grep git\_url | cut -d \" -f 4 | xargs -L1 git clone Fun fact: Back in 2004, I got a very entertaining, hour-long phone call from Andrew Eldritch of The Sisters of Mercy. He wanted to talk, as he put it, "on a matter not related to the music industry or Mozilla". In fact, he was calling me because he wanted to buy Infocom, and then give away all the games. This actually happened, I'm not making this up. He called me because, not being in the US, he was having trouble finding a sufficiently-mad US-based IP lawyer, and he figured I might know someone. I did! But obviously his purchase attempt did not succeed. I will never, ever forget that time Andrew Eldritch said to me, "I knew that someone who has a picture of a vomiting clown on their web site couldn't be all bad."

